in the last episode we have
modeled the items today we
let's confide season 2 with the particles
on trial but all these signals are at
red for the last tutorial of the
season 2 of minecraft of a cinema 4d
so today we will have two cases
concrete about the particles hours and
particles in minecraft it's some
something that is really very important
since we are pretty sure all
blogs ie we here we will take
the case of landers is as well as the
gate of an error but we have
really especially about the torches on the
crazy on any portal finally
short in junior cinema we have
tools to make particles
especially here all that is loved
time so we will see
three little things about emitters
so first of all we'll have a
issuer of bazouges is deleted all
that then an issuer what is it
so it's just an unusual here I
creates a transmitter when we are going to do
wounds
you will see that he will issue
particles hitherto an emitter cm of
particles no problem now seen
we are in minecraft we want to see
particles that looks like overcoming a
so to make particles that
looks like minecraft and nothing more
simple one will take a plan here then
particles in general they make a
maximum of 4 pixels per pixel case
greatness so here we are going to put in
four sets of four pixels that is
four I said you see here we have a
flat particle what we will do is
we're going to pass it a table edit mode and
we will cut small bits here
by that a little bit anyhow
see the paf paf that one we go the
delete that one why not and that one
here it is now I select everything
but everything has particles I do mt for
the extrusion of 10 cm I put him a
cover and we have a faso particle
minecraft that's just how
to create a particle so we have to
obviously it looks exactly like
to minecraft since we will not see almost
not resold so then we put them a
texture so the view that my work
on lander piece I put him a texture
earlier rape is clear and we will want
that our issuer and puts our
particles of bad drag the
particle in the beanbag transmitter and that's
not enough since it is necessary
check that in the transmitter on and
click on show objects here
now that i have clicked show
the objects when I'm going to put my
particles you see that my emitters
will put my little particles there so
there at the res looks not at all like
minecraft particles simply already
because in turn
so we will change that for Easter more
in addition that they are under right in
the rotation here we will put for example
90 never forget to come back to
early to redo complain because
if not that current news say not the
particles so that's better already but
my transmitters liked very much
too many particles so here in the
generation will put it for example to 2
so here it is going to emit a lot
fewer particles
it's already much better and one thing
which is very important in general in
the minecraft animations is that the
final size here we will go through
example at 0.2 not 00 22 and you go
see here zoom in as you go
as my particles see get to
their end of life
they will become smaller and smaller
rent that basically they are pretty
big and there they will become more
smaller then there they are really
long arrival small because they have
a long life so here in the
life time we will change it by
example to 30 frame here and now
we already have something that is a lot
better this shot than my particles
disappear a little fade
like that in two years more and more
little what could we change
others maybe a little bit
speed because do not go fast enough we
will put them back 300 cm here my emitters
did not like 70 you see 450 fremm he
will stop broadcasting so we will
put for example at 300 frame that's it and
it's much better
so now that we have a transmitter at
pretty much suitably set so
you can play with all these settings
who are the soul what we are going to do is
that we will want to move
particles towards our enders is then
for that already we will shift here our
transmitter
oops to the outside of lander tx is to
pretty much for example here and we're going
enlarge it we will enlarge it so here we
not english emitters we're going to grow up
we will put it for example 180 180 that
looks good to me it is two pixels more
great that the dhj is here and
now you see that the problem
it's that my particles go through my
chest seller but they are not going towards
in fact she's going through it all
right without really being drawn to
jazz as in minecraft
so to do that we will use here
in the emitters menu we will use
an attraction
so we put the traction in the center of the
scene well at the language center of
sorry and now if we do not and
we see that our particles are a small
little attracted to the green the blood of which I
will be moving a little less
transmitter for we see it better
we have the impression that they are a
little bit attracted so if they are not
enough shot like that I see they
are not enough attracted enough yet
wants to increase if the intensity of our
bonuses and hours for example at 50
and there you see that if I redo play
they will be downright attracted to
inside of lander piece it's this
we want to be here so that's it
finish here our under chest it's just going
we just need to duplicate this transmitter
all around for lander chairs
particles that emit who knows
put on all sides towards
the inside of lander gesture and we will have
something drinking
we will pass our second concrete case
on the particles we will move to
desert gate so here it is a
little bit more complicated because you
see that I disable and that you see
that if I leave that way they go
to be attracted to the interior of the portal
they will do anything
simply because once they
are in the center and basel are going to turn
around the pull and after them
will be expelled to the outside of which
it's because we want we want
that once she arrives at the central
disappear in the portal so for
do that we will use a new object
it's the destruction object so all of you
and you can find it here at the same
place in the transmitter you have
the destruction object right there then
the object of instructions what is it
will do it already we will give him
a size so there you see it's
the little voice of young people I gave
the whole stack size of the portal of a
heather I would even go back one
little bit and so all the particles
that will happen inside the
box of destruction are going to be
destroyed what makes that so now
I'm coming back and I'm doing
full memé particles are always going to be
attracted to the center because me
I have an attraction here in the center of my
gate of an error but they will be
destroyed when they will arrive in
the little yellow box that's right there
you see up the particle arrives paf
she is destroyed when she arrives on
the portal simply to avoid
she leaves a little bit anywhere
so that's not much else to
tell about the particles you can
also play with so the traction on
saw the destruction did not see the deviation
it's something that will allow you to
to bounce the particles is
interesting if you do an animation
bull kraft or mac not like you're
quito feed the beast if you make
pipes and you have items that
circulate in the pipes you can the
do with deviations and
emitters gravity is something
which will allow to bring down the
particles the rest friction rotation
turbulence ventilation is it
thing that allow you to manage a little
more more
do already make some particles a little
more forgiveness but we will not go
serve in minecraft animations in
general and so that's what I had to
tell about particles and it was this
little relatively short tutorial is
relatively informative which concludes and
the season 2 of minecraft in cinema 4d
and season 3 so I have it from
now will be devoted to animation
because it's all well and good to do
modeling but now we're going
move on to animation
here it is it was so enders for the
end of season 2 of minecraft in
cinema 4d we'll be back soon for the
season 3 went to greet